[DOCS-6854] Add Troubleshooting/Admission Controller doc (#20911)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/containers/troubleshooting/admission-controller.md

{{% tab "Operator" %}}
```yaml
apiVersion: datadoghq.com/v2alpha1
kind: DatadogAgent
metadata:
  name: datadog
spec:
  global:
    #(...)
    networkPolicy:
      create: true
      flavor: kubernetes
```
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Helm" %}}
```yaml
datadog:
  #(...)
  networkPolicy:
    create: true
    flavor: kubernetes
```
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

### Kubernetes distributions

#### EKS
In EKS clusters the Cluster Agent pod can be deployed on any of your Linux based nodes by default. These nodes and their EC2 instances need to have a [Security Group which has an Inbound Rule][6] that allows access over the `TCP` protocol, port `8000`, and the "Source" matching *either* the Cluster Security Group or one of the Additional Security Groups of the EKS cluster. These security groups can be found on the EKS cluster's "Networking" page. This gives access for the Control Plane to access the node and the downstream Cluster Agent over its port `8000`.

You can use a "Port Range" as long as this covers the `8000` port and required "Source" Security Group. If you have multiple Managed Node Groups with distinct Security Groups in each, ensure this inbound connectivity is added to each.

> Within EKS you can additionally turn on the [EKS Control Plane Logging for the “API server”][7].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within EKS you can additionally turn on the [EKS Control Plane Logging for the "API server"][7].
```

You would generally also see failures for the other Admission Controller webhooks, such as `datadog.webhook.tags` and `datadodg.webhook.config`. **Note:** EKS often generates two log streams within the CloudWatch log group for the cluster. Be sure to check both for these types of logs.

#### AKS
When creating the `datadog-webhook` for the `MutatingWebhookConfiguration` AKS adjusts the [format slightly to ensure you avoid the control-plane pods][8]. Provide the Cluster Agent the configuration below to ensure it can create and reconcile this format accordingly.

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Operator" %}}

```yaml
kind: DatadogAgent
apiVersion: datadoghq.com/v2alpha1
metadata:
  name: datadog
spec:
  #(...)
  override:
    clusterAgent:
      containers:
        cluster-agent:
          env:
            - name: DD_ADMISSION_CONTROLLER_ADD_AKS_SELECTORS
              value: "true"
```
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Helm" %}}

```yaml
datadog:
  #(...)

providers:
  aks:
    enabled: true
```

The `providers.aks.enabled` option sets the necessary environment variable `DD_ADMISSION_CONTROLLER_ADD_AKS_SELECTORS="true"` for you.
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

#### GKE

> If you are using a [GKE *Private* Cluster this restricts the request][9] to Cluster Agent pod by default. You need to add a firewall rule to allow the inbound access from the control plane to this port. By default, the network for the cluster should have a firewall rule named `gke-<CLUSTER_NAME>-master`. This rule’s source filters should match the cluster’s "Control plane address range" found in the "Networking" section. Edit this firewall rule to allow ingress to the `TCP` protocol and port `8000`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using a [GKE *Private* Cluster this restricts the request][9] to Cluster Agent pod by default. You need to add a firewall rule to allow the inbound access from the control plane to this port. By default, the network for the cluster should have a firewall rule named `gke-<CLUSTER_NAME>-master`. This rule's source filters should match the cluster's "Control plane address range" found in the "Networking" section. Edit this firewall rule to allow ingress to the `TCP` protocol and port `8000`.
```
